Add user guide to become attestation provider (#14)
flare-foundation/docs: docs/user/attestation-provider.md

> # Becoming an Attestation Provider

Reviewer: APs are part of the infrastructure so this goes into `docs/infra/`.

The User section is mostly for user-facing UI stuff.

Author: Fixed in [`a83a28c` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/a83a28ce1c41b0cf52362d940852ac6857e4e492)

This guide is a walk through to become an [attestation provider](#attestation-provider).
There are two situations in which it makes sense to do so:

> * Running local attestation providers, without any capital requirement, to act as a safeguard against malicious forks ;

Reviewer: I prefer to end each list item with a period.

Author: Fixed in [`2cbb6ce` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/2cbb6ce9aed2bc245b67fd99e23bed8becc30b0c)

> * Running local attestation providers, without any capital requirement, to act as a safeguard against malicious forks ;

Reviewer: What does "without any capital requirement" mean? Running an AP is certainly an expensive business!

Author: I mean without a stake, like a price provider would have, maybe this needs repbrasing then yes :)

Author: Fixed in [`48bd9e9` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/48bd9e961a8f1c0053cc49e21e9f6a25bf738195)

> * Running an incentivized attestation provider to reap rewards, which contributes to the network and helps improve the decentralization of the network and provides attestations for the [state connector](#state-connector).

Reviewer: "network" repeated.

Author: Fixed in [`48bd9e9` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/48bd9e961a8f1c0053cc49e21e9f6a25bf738195)

> ??? note "Rewards"

Reviewer: For such a short note, I prefer to use standard non-collapsible annotations. One less click.

Author: Wanted to hide it under the carpet but you're right 😁😁😁

Author: Fixed in [`699c109` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/699c109c962540b9b188c4a370aba2f4c6f361b4)

Reviewer: Haha, never a good idea to brush anything under the carpet 😄

    Currently, the process of rewarding public attestation providers is still being discussed.

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding with the [installation](#installation), it is essential to follow every prerequisite.

### System Requirements

> The following specifications were observed to be able to run all nodes on a single machine.

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's clear what nodes are you talking about here.

Author: Run nodes for all blockchains, will clarify, thanks!

Author: Fixed in [`a45798b` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/a45798b04b3781889e74327f15aec12634ecb536)

> Ideally, a single node should be run on each system in production for better performance and uptime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, a node should be run on each connected blockchain in production for better performance and uptime.
```

Author: Updated with the following snippet in [`a45798b` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/a45798b04b3781889e74327f15aec12634ecb536)

```diff
-Ideally, a node should be run on each connected blockchain in production for better performance and uptime.
+Ideally, a dedicated node should be run for each connected blockchain in production for better performance and uptime.
```

WDYT?

* **OS**: Ubuntu 20.04
* **CPU Cores**: 16
* **RAM**: 96GB
* **Disk space**: 3TB with an option or plan in place to expand capacity. SSD is recommended because some chains like xrpl can fall out of sync on regular disks.

As of Q2 2022, this is roughly what you can expect from each node regarding disk usage:

| Volume              | Size  |
|---------------------|-------|
| algorand-data       | 1TB   |
| algorand-indexer-db | 1TB   |
| bitcoin-data        | 500GB |
| dogecoin-data       | 60GB  |
| litecoin-data       | 90GB  |
| ripple-data         | 230GB |

> We are looking into ways to run a non-full history algorand node.

Reviewer: Oh, I never talk about "we" or "us". I prefer to use passive voice.

Also, this sentence should explain _why_ this is being done.

Author: I really don't know how to phrase it, and I don't know if it makes sense to mention it in the end 🤔 So I removed the note for now. WDYT?

See [`65c68c5` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/65c68c5650bd96c0109bd07576f796479880e297)

Reviewer: I don't think we can just write that you need about 3TB of disk to become an AP (for now) and not say anything about it... How about this:

> In the interest of decentralization, and to allow the maximum number of users to become Attestation Providers, alternate mechanisms are being researched to reduce such high requirements, like using non-full history Algorand nodes.

Author: Fixed in [`4689e59` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/4689e5990e7eabe28f9dfcd397cd924f79605017)

### Dependencies

* [`git`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [`docker`](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* [`openssl`](https://www.openssl.org/source/)
* [`python3`](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

### Node Setup

> The first step is to set up nodes for each supported network, that the attestation provider suite can then use to make attestations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to set up a node for each supported network, which the attestation provider suite can then use to make attestations.
```

Author: Fixed in [`fd8533f` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/fd8533fd665a5d20581c49e615679893b47cd2b5)

The supported chains at the moment are the following:

* [Bitcoin](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin)
* [Litecoin](https://github.com/litecoin-project/litecoin)
* [Dogecoin](https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin)
* [Rippled](https://github.com/ripple/rippled)
* [Algorand](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand)

!!! warning "Setting the nodes up is a very long process"

    Since the attestation provider suite requires having access to all supported networks, it is required to have an up-to-date node setup for each network.

>     Certain networks take very long times to get synchronized with, such as algorand which requires indexing the whole history of the blockchain locally.

Reviewer: All network names should be capitalized, no?

Author: Fixed in [`fd8533f` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/fd8533fd665a5d20581c49e615679893b47cd2b5)

    In our testing it took a few hours to sync up with litecoin, dogecoin and xrpl, more than a day for bitcoin and weeks for algorand.

#### Chain Configuration

> For this step, it is required to create a password that is at least 64 characters long.

Reviewer: You should explain what this step is about to do. Download code? run it? start running nodes?

Author: Fixed in [`5ce7d11` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/5ce7d113176ef29848184f8caef20e8f801abaae) WDYT?

Reviewer: Added more comments on the updated code.

It is referred to later as `<your-password>`.

##### Ubuntu

> The provided `install.sh` script was written for Ubuntu 20.04, so if you are on another platform follow the [alternate set of instructions](#other-platforms) or adapt the script to your platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided `install.sh` script was written for Ubuntu 20.04, so if you are on another platform follow the [instructions below](#other-platforms) or adapt the script to your platform.
```

So it is clear we're jumping to another section and not another page.

Author: Fixed in [`5ce7d11` (#14)](https://github.com/flare-foundation/docs/pull/14/commits/5ce7d113176ef29848184f8caef20e8f801abaae)
